[CSL-11760] [Envoy Bootstrap] Defaults to IPv6 for admin-bind and grpc-addr in dual stack if its empty (#22763)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/22763.txt

```release-note:improvement

> command: updated connect envoy bootstrap behavior - when no explicit flags are provided, envoy now defaults to 127.0.0.1 in IPv4-only environments and to ::1 in IPv6/DualStack environments based on netutil.IsDualStack() func.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command: connect envoy bootstrap defaults to 127.0.0.1 in IPv4-only environment and to ::1 in IPv6/DualStack environment.
```
